README.md, before:

# rvwd – React Starter (Vite + React Router)

rvwd is a universal, lightweight feedback platform that turns scattered comments into clear, actionable insight—fast. Create shareable micro-forms in seconds, collect responses anywhere, and get instant signal via concise summaries, simple scoring, and filters by date/keyword. Unlike generic survey tools, rvwd is built for rapid iteration: each form is a living doc you can tweak on the fly (prompt, description, status), and the dashboard gives a cross-form view so you can spot what’s working across products, dishes, classes, or promos. Whether you’re validating a new menu item, a 50% discount offer, or a course module, the same workflow scales across domains. Login, create, share, decide—no heavy setup, just feedback you can act on today.

---

## ✨ What’s inside

- **Vite + React 18** – fast dev server & HMR
- **React Router v6** – client‑side routing
- **Vanilla CSS (design tokens)** – quick theming via CSS variables

### Screens included

1. **/login** – Email/password form + “Create account” / “Continue with Google” buttons
2. **/forms** – “All forms made by you..” list with image placeholders and rating bubble
3. **/forms/:id** – “Latest reviews” tiles, editable **Summary**, accordions for **All responses**, **Data Analysis and Scorings**, **Filter by Date & Time**, **Search by Keyword**, and a right‑side panel with prompt/description edit + response toggle
4. **/create** – “Create New” form with labeled inputs and a submit button

---

## 🚀 Quick start

> **Prerequisite:** Node.js **18+** (check with `node -v`).

```bash
# 1) Install dependencies
npm install

# 2) Start the dev server
npm run dev

```

Commit message:

Upate: speech to text implemented

README.md, after:

# rvwd – React Starter (Vite + React Router)

rvwd is a universal, lightweight feedback platform that turns scattered comments into clear, actionable insight—fast. Create shareable micro-forms in seconds, collect responses anywhere, and get instant signal via concise summaries, simple scoring, and filters by date/keyword. Unlike generic survey tools, rvwd is built for rapid iteration: each form is a living doc you can tweak on the fly (prompt, description, status), and the dashboard gives a cross-form view so you can spot what’s working across products, dishes, classes, or promos. Whether you’re validating a new menu item, a 50% discount offer, or a course module, the same workflow scales across domains. Login, create, share, decide—no heavy setup, just feedback you can act on today.

---

## ✨ What’s inside

- **Vite + React 18** – fast dev server & HMR
- **React Router v6** – client‑side routing
- **Vanilla CSS (design tokens)** – quick theming via CSS variables

### Screens included

1. **/login** – Email/password form + “Create account” / “Continue with Google” buttons
2. **/forms** – “All forms made by you..” list with image placeholders and rating bubble
3. **/forms/:id** – “Latest reviews” tiles, editable **Summary**, accordions for **All responses**, **Data Analysis and Scorings**, **Filter by Date & Time**, **Search by Keyword**, and a right‑side panel with prompt/description edit + response toggle
4. **/create** – “Create New” form with labeled inputs and a submit button

---

## 🚀 Quick start

> **Prerequisite:** Node.js **18+** (check with `node -v`).

```bash
# 1) Install dependencies
npm install

# 2) Install speech-to-text library for React
npm install react-speech-recognition

# 3) Start the dev server
npm run dev

```
